Index

#Blog Post 2
Whatever Happened To The Last Next Big Thing?
By Keonte Mitchell  Published 10-13-2024

In 2024, AI has been the tech buzz word of the year. AI is becoming a feature on every device or service that we use. Our phones, Facebook, X (still calling it Twitter), computers running Windows, Its obvious that AI is here to stay. This had me thinking about the previous “revolutionary” tech ventures that I feel like I haven’t heard about in years. One that came to mind was the push for VR and “metaverses”. These 3-D worlds were supposed to completely change how we approach each other socially and economically. Early versions of these worlds seemed to kill all momentum though. The visuals were not appealing and there was not much to really do in these virtual worlds and needing a VR headset to truly experience the worlds led to lackluster adoption.

Another example is self-driving cars. I figured at this point self-driving features would start to show up on more vehicles and slowly be more adopted by the people. Instead, it seems like faith in self-driving vehicles is lower than ever. In the same boat are electric vehicles, honestly, I feel like people have wanted less technology in their vehicles. The added benefits don’t seem to outweigh the cost, leading again to not many people adopting the tech. AI seems different though, instead of us having to adopt AI we instead must adapt to it since it is being forced on us. I wonder why this approach to AI is so different compared to these other tech innovations though. 




#Blog Post 1
When Is the Last Time You Cleaned Your Computer?
By Keonte Mitchell  Published 10-13-2024

Can you remember the last time you cleaned your computer? No, I am not talking about physically cleaning your computer (though you should be doing that, dust is death), I am talking about cleaning your digital footprint. Clearing up those old files you don’t use, deleting stuff out of your downloads folder that you already have installed. 
I’m guilty of not doing all of these but I have started taking the initiative to fix these bad habits. I came about doing this after I had a bad hardware bug which resulted in having to reinstall my operating system and start “fresh”. I had my important files but lost a lot of the miscellaneous items and I found myself happier with the result.  I think we don’t tend to realize the amount of digital clutter we build up. I’ve heard the saying “A clean home is a happy home.”, I don’t see why I shouldn’t include my computer in that mantra.
Now it’s on to cleaning up my online footprint. I don’t think I’m the only one that has received a few letters/emails informing me of data breach involving my personal information. Too bad there is not a full reset option for this situation.




About
Hi, My name is Keonte, currently a senior majoring in Information Science at MSU. Outside of school I work in IT support though I am still trying to find my niche to specialize in the field. I am currently working on a few certifications to supplement my degree and hopefully lean me into a certain direction. I have always had an interest in technology and its been fun to learn about so many different aspects of it. A little more about me,when I am not focusing on studying I like to spend my free time:

PC Gaming
PC Building
Keyboard Building
Bike Riding

And some skills I want to learn are:
Archery
Dancing
Woodworking(I have some exprience but want to pick it back up)
Making my own Linux based home-server

I am looking forward to learning and doing more. 


Contact
*Placeholder*